First Iteration Goals:
1. Functional GUI that allows you to initialize information from a ticker, access saved tickers
2. Allow user to set portfolios full of tickers
3. Sort by sectors / competitors
4. Good visualization on pros/cons of each competitor, easily comparable

Executable Function:
1. Check if save directory exists, if not create one
2. Load all information, if any, from save directory into memory
3. Start welcome screen
4. On exit of GUI loop, save all information to disk

Welcome Screen: Contains buttons to all other screens

My Stocks Screen:
1. Loaded upon initialize of a portfolio from the welcome screen
2. Shows all current stocks and their three main percentages, as well as the defining data used to calculate said percentages
3. Shows any saved competitors three mains as well, with differences between them
4. Options to add new stocks to portfolio, as well as add new competitors

Stock Research Screen:
1. Loaded from no saved session, or loaded from session
2. Initialize a search with a ticker
3. Show three main percentages as well as the defining data
4. Initialize the information into a symbol, which goes into the current session
5. Enable adding a symbol into a portfolio, deleting a symbol
6. Enable saving a session full of symbols
7. Run comparisons between symbols

Class Structure:
All information pertaining to a stock should be saved in the Symbol class
The Session class needs to contain a list of symbols used in a session
The Portfolio class needs to contain a list of Stocks and Competitors
This is all the important information to store in file saving


Design structure:
1. Design class structure
2. Design file structure
3. Design welcome screen GUI
4. Design stock research screen GUI
5. Design my stocks GUI

GUI Implementation Strategy:
1. Put all window templates into DataManager
2. Create functions to refresh all windows based off current memory data
3. Use Window class and inheritance to define functionality of each GUI screen in terms of integration with backend
4. Responsiblity of each window to be able to open a new one